Add ability to refresh project dependencies in IDE (#463)
vividus-framework/vividus-studio: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]

> * Add ability to refresh project dependencies in IDE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add ability to refresh project after changes in dependencies
```
